alcohol interacts with specific
neurotransmitter receptors in the brain
that are involved in laying down
long-term memories during a binge the
big rise in blood alcohol concentration
leads to high levels of ethanol building
up in the brain
blocking the normal activity at these
receptors which stops memories from
being formed what's your last memory I
don't remember leaving I wasn't acting
right home I think I just slept through
it probably able to talk about it you
have an app in the text where I did
that's why I think with some clutches on
it okay so that's in the taxi so now
we're at home you're standing the top of
the stairs why are you feeling so
careful you're ready Johnny a second ago
dancing was her so upset about it's not
embarrassing to watch actually instead
of worrying you just go wow I don't
remember any of this at all the second
thing is this is a graph of your
drunkenness clearly Zhaan's blood
alcohol was high enough to impair his
memory but his tag will reveal exactly
how far it went so this is the driving
limit this this green line here okay
this one you started drinking six this
is when I measured this morning at
almost known and you can see this this
you stopped drinking your last drink
here was was a Bally Levin o'clock at
night and you were at your most drunk
about 1:30 in the morning so you can see
your blood was a third of a percentage
alcohol the last variable so do you know
what that means in terms of if we lift
that up on on up yeah yeah yeah no I
don't do I do I mean it's danger of
death isn't it
of death not by being hit by truck but
by just dying because you've had too
much alcohol checking on your own vomit
stopping breathing having affairs your
heart stopping working all these
different ways that are caused bad for
you Zhaan's blood alcohol spiked whilst
he was asleep two and a half hours after
his last drink it's shocking but many of
us who've overindulged will have at some
point been at the same level of risk
without ever knowing it what more can we
learn from last night Xander was sure
that binging wouldn't dehydrate him more
than me feel like a real idiot I was
certain that I was gonna be haha you
know I'm not dehydrating at all and how
do you feel today
fries are burned as a simple test we've
both drunk the same total amount of
liquid for the last 24 hours
and kept our urine for comparison so
what do you think I mean that wait for
it to steady down really really really
what really that you managed to get it
all in the bottle I mean they look
exactly the same if you weighed them in
fact for 2.8 liters for me and 2.7
liters for you so I am more dehydrated
this surprising result was supported by
blood tests confirming almost identical
hydration levels in our blood plasma
it's absolutely astounding I feel
incredibly dehydrated I feel like that's
my problem
you